Readme updates for granular control (#1017)
actions/cache: save/README.md

# Save action

> The save action saves cache just like the post step of the `cache` action, except it can be run individually now without having to call the restore step. The save action needs to be called with required inputs, the `key` with which the cache needs to be stored and the `path` that needs to be cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The save action, as the name suggest, saves a cache. It acts similar to the `cache` action except that it doesn't necessarily first do a restore. This action can provide you a granular control to only save a cache without having to necessarily restore it, or to do a restore anywhere in the workflow job and not only in post phase.
```

## Inputs

* `key` - 'An explicit key for saving the cache'
* `path` - 'A list of files, directories, and wildcard patterns to cache'
* `upload-chunk-size` - 'The chunk size used to split up large files during upload, in bytes'

## Outputs

This action has no outputs.

## Use cases

> As this is a newly introduced action to give users more control in their workflows, below are some use cases where one can use this action.

Reviewer: Not needed
```suggestion
```

### Only save cache

In case you are using separate jobs for generating common artifacts and sharing them across different jobs, this action will help you with your save only needs.

```
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v3

  - name: Install Dependencies
    if: steps.cache.outputs.cache-hit != 'true'
    run: /install.sh

  - name: Build common artifacts
    run: /build.sh

  - uses: actions/cache/save@v3
    id: cache
    with:
      path: path/to/dependencies
      key: ${{ runner.os }}-${{ hashFiles('**/lockfiles') }}
```

### Re-evaluate cache key while saving

> Some technologies like dot-net generate the lockfiles during the build time, due to which the already evaluated `${{ hashFiles('**/lockfiles') }}` hash doesn't match the actual hash. Using save action with the same key will not re-evaluate the key as the hash was generated during restores. However passing the expression to re-evaluate the hash would generate a new key in the save action now as save would be called after the build step.

Reviewer: Too verbose. Just mention that this action allows re-evaluation of key.

Author: Done

> In other words, you can reuse the output of `restore` action in the input of the `save` action to input the same key. Otherwise, you can pass the hash logic for the key (ex. `${{ hashFiles('**/lockfiles') }}`) and let the save action re-evaluate the key just before executing.

Reviewer: This can be removed as well
